1RESIDENTIAL  LEASE  AGREEMENT  
This RESIDENTIAL LEASE AGREEMENT, entered at Los Angeles, California, by and between:
Trojan Terrace Apartments herein called “Owner”, for  the premises designated above, and   Syed Hasan     herein called  
“Resident”.  Owner  hereby leases to Resident  and Resident leases  from Owner those Premises described as Unit  #115, located at 
2632 Ellendale Place  Los Angeles  CA 90007. The Term  of this Lease shall be 4  months  commencing the  02/01/2021 and 
terminating the  05/31/2021.  Resident shall  pay to Owner the rental of $  1,175.00 per month in advance  of or  on the first  day of each  
month until  the total rental for the full term of this Lease is fully paid.
FURTHER, Resident  AGREES THAT:
1.    USE  OF PREMISES:   Said Premises shall not be used for  any commercial enterprises and  shall  be occupied for residential purposes   
only by the following  named  person(s) only:
Syed Hasan
The Premises shall not be occupied  by any person other than the person  or persons designated above.  Additional occupancy by 
visitation shall be limited  to (7) seven  consecutive  days per guest and limited  to not more than (1) one guest per bedroom of the 
Premises at any one time.
2.   SECURITY DEPOSIT:    Resident shall deposit with Owner a Security  Deposit the amount of $0.00.   Owner shall hold the Security 
Deposit to secure  Resident’s faithful compliance with all the terms and conditions of this agreement  and Owner’s rules and regulations.  
The Security  Deposit shall not be deemed rent for any rental month nor shall it constitute a limit of Owner’s damages  in the event of any 
default by Resident.   Owner may at any time use as part or all of the Security  Deposit to remedy  Resident’s default in the payment of 
rent or to repair  damages  caused by Resident or Resident’s guests, including damage  to common  areas or parking areas.  If any part of 
the Security Deposit is utilized  during  the term of tenancy, Resident agrees  to reinstate  the Security  Deposit as required by Owner upon  
five (5) days written notice.  Upon termination of the tenancy,  Owner may withhold  from the Security  Deposit  any reasonable  amount to 
repair the Premises, its appurtenances and furnishings, to adequately  clean premises, and to compensate Owner  for any physical 
damages to Premises, unpaid rent or liquidated damages.  If the Security Deposit is insufficient for such  purpose, Resident shall pay to 
Owner upon demand  an amount equal to such deficiency  or Owner may proceed in any manner provided  by law to collect  the amount 
of deficiency from Resident.   Within 21 days of the Resident vacating the Premises, Owner shall furnish Resident  a written statement 
indicating any amounts deducted from the security  deposit and returning the balance to the Resident.  If Resident fails to furnish a 
forwarding address to Owner, then Owner  shall send statement and any security deposit refund to the leased Premises.  Resident’s  
acceptance of a refund of all or a portion of the Security Deposit  shall constitute  a full and final release of Owner from any and all claims 
of Resident of any nature  whatsoever.
3.   NO S UBLET :Resident shall not assign  or sublet  said Premises nor any part thereof without Owner’s  prior written consent.  A 
request for assignment or sublet must be made on Owner’s form and include such information as Owner may reasonably request and 
payment of a non-refundable  assignment request fee, as specified  on the Owner’s form.  Other conditions of assignment required  are 
contained in  Owner’s form.  Sublet or assignment may or may not be  approved at Owner’s sole discretion.
4.   LATE  CHARGES:    Resident  will pay the rent due in advance  of or on the  first (1st) day of each month.  Should  Resident fail to  pay all 
rent due in full by 5:00 PM on the third (3rd) day of the month, Resident agrees to  pay a late charge  of fifty (50) dollars.  The late charge 
is deemed to be additional rent due  under  this Agreement for the rental month in which the late charge is incurred  and not as a penalty.  
The late charge is to be considered as liquidated damages because Owner’s damages (extra bookkeeping, billing, collections and 
banking) are extremely difficult or impracticable to compute.
5.   DISHONORED  CHECKS:   Should Resident  tender to Owner a check which for any reason is not paid  by the bank upon which it is 
drawn, Resident shall immediately  pay to Owner the amount described in paragraph 4  above  as dishonored  check charge.  Dishonored 
check reimbursement by  Resident shall be tendered in the form of a  money order or cashier’s check only.   Any Resident who  submits a 
check which is dishonored may be required  at Owner’s option to make all future payment by  cashier’s  check or money order.
6.   PARKING:    In the event Resident is granted a license to use a parking space in the designated parking area(s) of Owner’s real 
property, Resident  shall pay $0.00 monthly as additional rent for each rental month  during which Resident has been granted a 
license to use such parking space.  Resident agrees to park in assigned  space  only and shall not use such  parking space or any other  
common area on the Premises  to make  vehicle repairs, oil changes, paint,  or to wash  any vehicle.  Resident shall use such rented 
space exclusively  to park the assigned vehicle.  Resident is responsible for oil leaks and other  vehicle  discharges  for which Resident 
shall be charged for cleaning if deemed necessary by Owner.  Parking spaces must be used by operating, currently  licensed vehicles 
only.  Vehicles  in violation  of the parking requirements  may be removed by the Owner without  notice.  Owner retains the right to revoke 
the license to use or refuse use of parking  facilities  to anyone  at any time, and the right to assign or reassign parking spaces  in its sole 
discretion.  Resident  must provide a valid vehicle license number for the vehicle  for which resident  is granted  the license  to use a 
parking space.  Failure to provide a valid vehicle license number constitutes an automatic revocation  of the license  to use the parking  
space.  
7.   DEFAULT:   Failure  by Resident to pay rent and other  charges when due or to comply  with any and all of the terms and conditions  of 
this Lease and of Owner’s  rules and regulations shall be deemed  a default by Resident.  Upon the expiration  of three (3) days following 
Owner’s service of written notice upon  Resident demanding that Resident  pay rent or quit or cure default or quit pursuant to C.C.P. Sec. 
1161 and 1162, this Agreement  shall,  at Owner’s option, be terminated providing  Resident has failed  to comply with Owner’s demand.  
Document digitally signed using RENTCafe eSignature services. Document ID: 52616